src/pages/index.md, before:

---
templateKey: index-page
hero:
  heading: Better Wholesale Hemp
  description: Responsibly grown in the Rogue Valley of Southern Oregon
  backgroundImg:
    alt: Testing alt
    image: /media/FlowerBG.jpg
products:
  heading: High Value, Fair Price
  description: Elevated Trading is focused on delivering the highest quality,
    Oregon-grown hemp products at a fair price to our customers, and we firmly
    believe that strong, strategic partnerships with like-minded business owners
    are the key to future success as the hemp/CBD industry matures. We look
    forward to demonstrating how we can bring value to your business.
  productImages:
    - image: /media/hemp_flower.jpg
      alt: test
    - image: /media/hemp_concentrate.jpg
      alt: test
rogueValley:
  heading: Rogue Valley Grown & Made
  description: >
    Elevated Trading sources our hemp products exclusively from the Rogue Valley
    of Southern Oregon. Rogue Valley is commonly referred to as the “Napa Valley
    of Hemp” due to the premium quality, sun-grown hemp consistently delivered
    year after year. 

    The region’s unique microclimate, superior soil quality and responsible farming practices all unite to deliver a CBD product that simply outperforms other regions in the United States.
  backgroundImg:
    alt: Test
    image: /media/Rouge_Valley_Hemp.jpg
etcValues:
  heading: Elevating The Hemp Market
  description: >
    We formed Elevated Trading to address the unreliable supply chain issues
    that have plagued the CBD industry for years. We’re elevating the supply
    chain experience for our customers, and enabling our customers to scale
    their business without friction in the supply chain. 

    As an Elevated customer, you can focus on growing your customer base knowing we’re hard at work ensuring the highest quality and reliability of every product that we supply for your business.
  peeksImage: /media/mountain_peeks.png
  values:
    - value: Quality
      description: All of our products are 3rd party tested multiple times throughout
        the supply chain, and we supply documentation with every order.
    - value: Reliability
      description: Orders are shipped within 24-48 hours of payment, and we stand
        behind every product that we sell. If you’re not happy, we fix it
    - value: Integrity
      description: If we tell you that we can deliver a product or service for your
        business, we will make it happen. Period.
farming:
  heading: Equity Driven Farms
  description: >-
    Let’s face it, without the cultivators putting in the hard work during the
    grow season and choosing to grow hemp on their farms, the CBD industry would
    not be possible. We’re passionate about delivering the highest value for our
    customers while ensuring that Rogue Valley hemp cultivators are profitable
    and able to reinvest for future harvests.
    
    Elevated Trading has done the “leg work” and vetted farms extensively to form strategic partnerships with the premier grow operations and extraction facilities in Southern Oregon. Our customers are welcome to visit our farms and extraction facilities to see how much care and effort goes into maintaining a premium, compliant, and consistent portfolio of products.
  backgroundImg:
    alt: Testing alt
    image: /media/rogue_valley_hempfarm.jpg
supplyChain:
  heading: Integrated In Your Supply Chain
  description: >
    With direct industry experience across all aspects of the supply chain, from
    farming, distribution and retail, we’re uniquely positioned to offer a
    world-class buying experience for our customers.  

    We’re removing the friction from the buying process for our customers that want high value products but don’t have the time and/or staff to form strategic partnerships directly at the source.

    We also offer full-service consulting at the retail level to find a profitable product mix that will satisfy your customers while maintaining the unique essence of your retail brand. We don’t just sell products, we solve problems.  
  backgroundImg:
    alt: Testing alt
    image: /media/hemp_supplychain_cultivation.png
  supplyImages:
    - image: /media/hemp_supplychain_cultivation.png
      alt: test
    - image: /media/hemp_supplychain_labtesting.png
      alt: test
    - image: /media/hemp_supplychain_retail.png
      alt: test
---

Commit message:

Footer UI and CMS implemented.

src/pages/index.md, after:

---
templateKey: index-page
hero:
  heading: Better Wholesale Hemp
  backgroundImg:
    alt: Testing alt
    image: /media/FlowerBG.jpg
products:
  heading: High Value, Fair Price
  description: Elevated Trading is focused on delivering the highest quality,
    Oregon-grown hemp products at a fair price to our customers, and we firmly
    believe that strong, strategic partnerships with like-minded business owners
    are the key to future success as the hemp/CBD industry matures. We look
    forward to demonstrating how we can bring value to your business.
  productImages:
    - image: /media/hemp_flower.jpg
      alt: test
    - image: /media/hemp_concentrate.jpg
      alt: test
rogueValley:
  heading: Rogue Valley Grown & Made
  description: >
    Elevated Trading sources our hemp products exclusively from the Rogue Valley
    of Southern Oregon. Rogue Valley is commonly referred to as the “Napa Valley
    of Hemp” due to the premium quality, sun-grown hemp consistently delivered
    year after year. 

    The region’s unique microclimate, superior soil quality and responsible farming practices all unite to deliver a CBD product that simply outperforms other regions in the United States.
  backgroundImg:
    alt: Test
    image: /media/Rouge_Valley_Hemp.jpg
etcValues:
  heading: Elevating The Hemp Market
  description: >
    We formed Elevated Trading to address the unreliable supply chain issues
    that have plagued the CBD industry for years. We’re elevating the supply
    chain experience for our customers, and enabling our customers to scale
    their business without friction in the supply chain. 

    As an Elevated customer, you can focus on growing your customer base knowing we’re hard at work ensuring the highest quality and reliability of every product that we supply for your business.
  peeksImage: /media/mountain_peeks.png
  values:
    - value: Quality
      description: All of our products are 3rd party tested multiple times throughout
        the supply chain, and we supply documentation with every order.
    - value: Reliability
      description: Orders are shipped within 24-48 hours of payment, and we stand
        behind every product that we sell. If you’re not happy, we fix it
    - value: Integrity
      description: If we tell you that we can deliver a product or service for your
        business, we will make it happen. Period.
farming:
  heading: Equity Driven Farms
  description: >-
    Let’s face it, without the cultivators putting in the hard work during the
    grow season and choosing to grow hemp on their farms, the CBD industry would
    not be possible. We’re passionate about delivering the highest value for our
    customers while ensuring that Rogue Valley hemp cultivators are profitable
    and able to reinvest for future harvests.
    
    Elevated Trading has done the “leg work” and vetted farms extensively to form strategic partnerships with the premier grow operations and extraction facilities in Southern Oregon. Our customers are welcome to visit our farms and extraction facilities to see how much care and effort goes into maintaining a premium, compliant, and consistent portfolio of products.
  backgroundImg:
    alt: Testing alt
    image: /media/rogue_valley_hempfarm.jpg
supplyChain:
  heading: Integrated In Your Supply Chain
  description: >
    With direct industry experience across all aspects of the supply chain, from
    farming, distribution and retail, we’re uniquely positioned to offer a
    world-class buying experience for our customers.  

    We’re removing the friction from the buying process for our customers that want high value products but don’t have the time and/or staff to form strategic partnerships directly at the source.

    We also offer full-service consulting at the retail level to find a profitable product mix that will satisfy your customers while maintaining the unique essence of your retail brand. We don’t just sell products, we solve problems.  
  backgroundImg:
    alt: Testing alt
    image: /media/hemp_supplychain_cultivation.png
  supplyImages:
    - image: /media/hemp_supplychain_cultivation.png
      alt: test
    - image: /media/hemp_supplychain_labtesting.png
      alt: test
    - image: /media/hemp_supplychain_retail.png
      alt: test
footer: 
  legal: Any claim on this page has not been reviewed by the FDA. Product is not intended to diagnose, cure, or prevent any disease or illness.
  blurb: High focus on quality, best sun grown hemp in the world. High focus on quality, best sun grown hemp in the world. High focus on quality, best sun grown hemp in the world
---
